see if we can play for tonight let's see
if it's possible hey guys what is up so
I am doing a lot of stuff in my office
right now completely redoing it I have a
lot of videos coming out about that soon
but that is why that there's a little
bit of slack in videos but oh my gosh
the 2018 MacBook Pro there has been so
much talk about it they're throttling it
oh my god premiere is just like terrible
in it but then Adobe came out and
actually updated render times on MacBook
so I'm going to leave amazing videos and
blog posts that address those needs of
this 2018 MacBook Pro I have a video
coming out soon comparing it to
different PC laptops hang tight for that
make sure to subscribe but also my most
recent podcast is with the main gear CEO
so it's a very topical podcast we get
into why our custom PCs so big and we
talk about eSports or twitch and
streaming and it's just it's an awesome
podcast and really if you're looking for
a computer upgrade or you're just
curious about all the parts that make a
computer this is a really good podcast
for you to check out so last week I
didn't tried to make three different
MacBook Pro videos but it really didn't
work out but there was one part of it
that I definitely want to show you guys
just because it was so fun me playing
for at night for the first time
oh they look bad this have it locked at
60 and it works fine Department hey Siri
am I gonna win apartment I couldn't say
so what am I even doing what is the goal
is it RPG is it the most popular game in
the world right now it's a game site
called battle royale which means that a
hundred people drop into a map and
basically the last one alive wins I'm
like really nervous there's 100 right
yeah all right I'll be in the top ninety
good space the jump keep your head keep
your fingers on wasa S&D w a s and d are
like this without here
CAW to run obviously obviously obviously
it W to run but if I just stay here
though other people are gonna die
and then I they just stay here
absolutely you're already the top 72 I'm
already in the top 72 so you guys owe me
money right now 68 oh my good guys I'm
winning I all I do is you technically
are no matter what that's why some
people hate these games cuz there's
filled with people who just wait and
then kill you at the end you need to go
into these buildings and find some
somewhat oh there's a guy right there oh
my god oh yeah
okay I was 40 48 I finished 48th I am
not dead you're playing in my beautiful
LG ultra wide display this is what I use
for my custom PC which is currently
being
it redone the the different-colored
weapons are different strengths like
gray is the worst and then there's green
blue purple how do I jump up there Oh
guys faster than that dude I can't build
I don't know how to build oh my god
ermahgerd that's my guy yeah how do I
know they don't have like a red thing
above their head
oh that's maybe I'm not that guy thank
you it's that red does that mean that
red is that
stop jumping is that my guy and that's
your teammate I'm very glad I got to
share my first port and I experienced
with these guys in effect thought it was
on a MacBook Pro maybe is making people
cringe but hey the point is a 15-inch
base model MacBook Pro with the update
eighth generation Core i7 processor we
finally updated on the processors were
just fantastic but it can play for it
nice when you are screen recording with
QuickTime it was obviously having issues
however I think it's going to run much
smoother if you need to record your
screen if you just use OBS I think you
know this apartment it's missing
something I haven't done an apartment
tour yet so I think this is one of the
final pieces it's hard to describe to
you what this is so we're just gonna go
for it John you ready yeah ready to
build this is going to be the final
board ready I was talking oh this is
going to be the final art piece in our
home it'll go it's gonna go right over
the bed because we're missing a art
pieces it's just like a wall and I think
this is gonna be perfect this is a Lego
portrait we went and got our picture
done and then this pops out of the
machine and now we have to build it so
[Music]
it's gonna be really funny if you're new
around here and you expected a video
completely about the new 2018 MacBook
Pro Jim you got Legos
alright guys we are one hour into the
Lego thing I think it's gonna take like
three hours yeah so this is what one
hour of Lego looks like in one hour of
Devil Wears Prada this is like a
heavenly situation we just had some
lunch and we're finishing up Tyler's
Prada right now so of course we have to
watch the sequel which you know the
intern we're already there you can't
stop us now what time is it
5:06 12 yeah you're holding it I am
holding a camera biggest challenge is
how are we gonna hang me from the wall
we could figure that out in like 25
minutes you know what we should actually
do nails yes but I think it'd be cool to
get like white frame
so that's not something we do right now
I kind of want a grand finale oh my gosh
guys Wow
you know what I would love to have a
legit massive piece of art here but
while we wait for that you know it needs
to feel right I think like Oh portraits
I mean what else would you want above
your bed I think it's super classy I
know this video was a bit random but me
myself this past week I've been so
intense I've been frustrated with a lot
of tech problems I've been frustrated
with all of these I guess decisions we
have as consumers that are very
expensive and sometimes aren't perfect
like the perfect laptop just doesn't
exist and you would think for $2,000 for
$3,000 for $6,000 it would exist but
it's honestly a lot of my recommendation
to people who just need speed and maybe
don't travel it's just like just get a
desktop right but anyways I can't wait
for you to see as a MacBook verse XPS
versus Microsoft Surface book - make
sure to subscribe and hang tight for
that coming out in a couple days make
sure you check out my podcast the
creative exchange linked in the
description below I know this video is
random and hopefully it was somewhat fun
hopefully a bit smiley face you know
we're just all big kids over here never
gonna grow up hope you don't ever grow
up let me know if you like this video go
subscribe button down below for new
videos every single week until next time
guys stay PG okay
[Music]